Activity: Practice!

Due: Sunday by 11:59pm  Points: 10  Submitting: a file upload  File Types: pdf

This week is an activity week, so points for effort, not for correctness.

You are about to break a lot of things. It is going to be easier for you to unbreak some things than it is to unbreak others. 
Spend the time working on the things you have the most trouble with.

Make sure you can create sessions, add and update different kinds of data to sessions and end sessions.

Make sure you can make HTTP requests, including POSTs, from the server and deal with the data you get back.

Make sure that you can set up pages to accept data from forms.

Make sure you can handle nested asynchronous requests and process errors if they crop up (force errors to happen by doing things like 
entering in the wrong URL).

As an example mini project that would cross off several of these at once (you don't need to do this, but if you need inspiration feel 
free to use it) , you could extend the to-do list application. Allow the user to add to-do items, the cities those to-do items need to 
happen in and minimum temperatures.

Then make HTTP calls to Open Weather Map to check if the weather is good enough right now to do them. If it is, highlight it in green, 
if not highlight it in red. This will check you understanding of sessions, making many HTTP requests and dealing with JSON returned by the server.

You would still want to make sure you can make HTTP POSTs from the server but if you did that all your bases will be covered.

Deliverables:

Submit a PDF. In that PDF discuss in 2 or 3 paragraphs what you had the most difficulty with, what problems it was giving you and 
what steps you took to fix it. Also briefly describe how you checked your understanding of the above listed topics. What type of things 
did you do? What services did you use?

It should help you get an understanding of where you need more clarity and it will also help me figure out which concepts need more attention.

Next week you are going to need to do most of these things correctly, while working with a database. So you will want to get it sorted now before 
we add in the database which is one more thing you will need to debug.